Update docs for gear icon page settings (#3336)
mintlify/docs: editor/navigation.mdx

> To add a navigation element nested inside another element, click the **+** button next to the name of the parent element.

Author: ```suggestion
To add a navigation element nested inside another element, click the **+** plus button next to the name of the parent element.
```

> After creating an element, drag-and-drop it to reorder or nest it within other elements. Click the gear icon next to any element to configure its properties, or right-click to access additional options like duplicate, hide, or delete.

Author: ```suggestion
After creating an element, drag-and-drop it to reorder or nest it within other elements. Hover over an element then click the gear icon to configure its properties, or right-click an element to access additional options like duplicate, convert to another element, or delete.
```
